Added "Debug original code using Azure Artifacts symbol server" articles, revised source maps articles (#1766)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/javascript/consume-source-maps-from-azure.md

To learn about how to publish source maps, see [Securely debug original code by publishing source maps to the Azure Artifacts symbol server](publish-source-maps-to-azure.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 1: Generate a Personal Access Token for Azure DevOps

To obtain source maps from the Azure Artifacts symbol server, DevTools uses the fetch protocol to talk to Azure DevOps, which requires a valid Personal Access Token (PAT).

To generate a PAT in Azure DevOps:

1. Sign in to your Azure DevOps organization by going to `https://dev.azure.com/{yourorganization}`.

1. In Azure DevOps, go to **User settings** > **Personal access tokens**:
    
   ![The 'User settings' menu in Azure DevOps, with the 'Personal access tokens' command.](images/ado-pat-settings.png)

   The **Personal Access Tokens** page appears:

   ![The 'Personal Access Tokens' page in Azure DevOps.](images/ado-pat-page.png)

1. Click **New Token**.  The **Create a new personal access token** dialog box opens:

   ![The 'Create a new personal access token' dialog box, with 'Read' scope for Symbols selected.](images/ado-pat-config-read.png)

> 1. In the **Name** text box, enter a name for the PAT, such as **DevTools source maps**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Name** text box, enter the name for the PAT that you previously created per [Securely debug original code by publishing source maps to the Azure Artifacts symbol server](publish-source-maps-to-azure.md), such as **DevTools source maps**.
```

Author: No the user should invent a name that they can later remember. And they shouldn't use the same name as on the other page. These are 2 different PATs. One will likely be created by the CI admin, while the other will be created by the user of DevTools.

Reviewer: Both pages (of this Merged PR) use identical name in screenshot (devtools source maps) & text (DevTools source maps).  Should add text maybe on both pages, like:

"Invent a name that you can later remember.  Don't|You shouldn't use the same name as on the Publish|Consume step/article. The Publish PAT & the Consume PAT are 2 different PATs.   The Publish PAT is typically created by the Continuous Integration (CI) admin, while the Consume PAT will be created by the user of DevTools."

Author: Addressing this in #1783.
